my point
the title once yes
we are all very impressed by effe juan pablo angel they say he is a genius and
I think it's going to win time that the wounded
I do not know if you have to wait
out there it's just dog day
all I can do is go now also for inactivity
All my children and eight grandchildren are doing very well but I had to stop the game
which the process 6%
North Korea nice attitude
by
the first the truth
it's a spicy thing for it now
Let's see
for barack obama
admonished m 60
do not rule out méndez ave
not sergio garcía and pavone who decides is the one who has
they warned that that is the fear of the cup of gold valued
after the goal
condoms in schools to preserve the freeman school has been
focused the debate with the new bill for teenagers to access
free of condoms in the stands
and also in elementary school for sixth grade and seventh grade students
be careful because there is an eleven these
we are living life follows the same age the daughter
Gil Zuarth
is not easy
kinky where you could where the condom condom polar fleece
because as the school has shown but of course
it was also a the it seems to me that tomorrow
this award has gone to a contribution since in the classroom ansa condoms of their
famous and if well
l summer it seems to me I was taught at school it is going to study
a man condom
the old 41 one there is no agreement where you can
that's what I'm saying
the boy schools to the condom available today
from the collegiate entity nuns will be punished virgin freeman deaf exercise
that reason to 18 Andean but now the orality and the elm girl was shot
and aggrieved
we can not stay here a new law will be sent but now
I mean
everything has come gelman
I'm not saying it is and in it
on Tuesday a survey
who did the youth direction
of the city of Buenos Aires of sexual initiation in criminal matters of
the 14 years to the 14 average employees if it is operated it reduces holy week no longer
means
wants is that he keeps moving forward and his uncle has become 2-1 in his stadium
both were the ones from before
doubt that this was not the best imitator the history of sailing is price
attention because the parakeet has no talent for repetition presides
July
to death
what you also know 1
in an interview
we never had to point
a work of ethical rehabilitation
Ana Miranda when she speaks is the busiest
Lorena for her dad who is a remitter
coconut
nothing computer
a lawyer
the average of the chain
gerardo milman the popular artist
hanson caracas
Regarding other
for a project
did not dodge the bulk at this height more and more they realized that behind
the shameful campaign against Faroni
there are other interests others want to hear a more authoritative voice see the
letter of support that exhibited the Nobel peace prize adolfo pérez esquivel
the straw and the beam went in the alien eye
political leaders and social communication media opposed to the
government
to the raised dust thinning the environment against the judge of the court
supreme justice raul zaffaroni
they tear their robes if they condemn the magistrate before investigating and knowing
the truth acting like the deceased who do not see the beam they have
in his eyes
and pretend to point the straw in the eye of others is worrisome that the candidate
of the radical party that aims to become president of the nation
ask for the resignation of the magistrate who acts with such light surprise and
lack of responsibility
Judge Zaffaroni has demonstrated through his life and commitment the
dark times we live in the country
what the right the ethical and social values ​​their responsibility and
accompaniment next to the town
His work and struggle are recognized in Latin America and the world
He is a magistrate who buys us as Argentines
used to give advice
why this old vizcacha
and as the devil knows by devil
but more knows by old
in the long and old militancy lived between lights and shadows some we learned
It's not good to eat ground glass
restless the mind and the heart
critical awareness is necessary in order to discern the values
of pantyhose values ​​and assume social and cultural resistance and not
be dominated by campaigns contaminated by the toxins of the
lie
freedom has its costs and you have to raise it with joy you have to resist and
many times it hurts
never free
those who accuse without waiting for the right of defense and is based on
lies
slander and other herbs as it is the campaign against Zaffaroni who seeks
dismiss the judge they have taken the worst of the ways
the denial of themselves are like the deserters of life
All the solidarity support raúl zaffaroni we are sure that many men and
women in the country and the world we accompany
adolfo pérez esquivel
buenos aires August 4, 2011
not the theater as it was
all this was a harassment
impressive at a certain moment the show ended the people
applaud at a certain moment someone shouts my name is then to be given
turns the round to the whole public
for example a public teacher report
his state the searches in prisons
It will surprise you
I almost started crying